CAPTAIN BLOOD DOCS

Game Control: Mouse in port 1 controls
hand as well as flying! When flying,
right button to accelerate and left
button to decelerate.


The Story:


You are trapped in a universe of your
own creation that is populated by
strange creatures in unlikely
scenarios and of your own mind. As
Captain Blood, you are in a
predicament. The hyperspace warp that
sucked you into the game also
fragmented your genetic structure
creating five exact duplicates of you
that are now hiding somewhere in the
galaxy of Hydra. You must find the
clones and assimilate them to
replenish the vital fluids you so
desperately need.


Playing The Game:


When the game begins you will see the
inside of the ship followed by the
view of the nearest planet. The arm
you see on the screen is yours!
Because of your lack of fluids, YOU
ARE DISINTEGRATING! As you continue to
disintegrate throughout the game, your
arm will shake making it more
difficult for you to control. The on
board clock keeps track of the elapsed
time. You have 2 1/2 hours to find a
clone to get the fluids you need
before your arm becomes totally
uncontrollable. If you find a clone,
you get 2 1/2 more hours to continue
your quest. The 1st planet that comes
up each time you begin a new game is
always inhabited. After that, you are
on your own!



Planet Vision Screen:


Several things can be done on the
Planet Vision Screen. They are:
Geo Photo, Planet Destruction, or
Landing Mission.

Control Panel:


There are 6 buttons on the control
panel and only a few are active at any
one time on the panel. The buttons
will be called 1-6 (left to right)

GeoPhoto Vision:


Used to get a closer look at a
planet. Select button #6. Flashing
light will indicate enemy missiles on
the surface. Select the button again
to get a closer view. Select button #2
for planet vision again.

Planet Destruction:


To destroy the planet, select button
#5. You may exit a destruction at any
point by pressing the DEL key.


Landing Mission:


Select button #4 from the planet
vision screen and you will be
transported immediately to the planet
surface and a vector image of the
surface will appear.


Landing Sites:


Each planet has a landing site
located at the end of a long narrow
valley. If you are headed in the right
direction, the sight will appear as a
flashing diamond shape. If you are off
target, an arrow will appear in the
direction that you must turn. When you
reach it, your ship will land and if
there is an alien then he will appear.
(If there is one that is!)

Avoiding Missiles:


If there are missiles on the surface
they will home in on you. A beep noise
will let you know that you have been
sighted by them. To avoid missiles, you
must fly as low as you can to the
surface without crashing. When missiles
have locked on you, arrows appear on
either side of the screen and move
towards the center. The closer the
arrows get, the closer the missiles are
to you. When and if they meet in the
center of the screen, Your spaceship
is destroyed and you will be returned
to the main ship.

The UpComm:


To talk to the aliens you need to use
this icon system. Once you land, it
will appear on the screen.


Receive A Message:


As the alien speaks, icons will
appear on the left side. Just point to
the icon in question to get the
translation on the screen. If the
mouth is moving then it means that the
alien isn't done speaking, Click on
the mouth to get more of the message.


Sending A Message:


You may respond to the alien by using
any of the highlighted icons in the
window. The window shows only a small
selection of them and you can scroll
selections with the selectors on the
right and left of the window or scroll
quickly with the scroll bar at the
bottom of the window. Select the icon
you want to use and press the button.
It will appear on the right side which
holds 8. (8 for each sentence.)¹ When
your message is ready, hit the mouth
to send. The left-arrow shaped button
on the right side will let you delete
or insert an icon.


Teleporting:


If an alien agrees to be teleported,
the icon will appear on the bottom of
the screen. To return an alien to the
surface, press the icon button after
you land. Use the triangular shaped
button to return to the ship.

The Ship's Interior:


Button #1 is used to save the game or
load a game.
Button #2-Planet Vision Screen if
active.
Button #3-Galaxy Map
 

Selecting any inactive button will
return you to the ship's interior.

The Fridgitorium:


If you teleport a clone or an alien
onto the ship, it will appear in the
fridgitorium on the left side of the
screen. You will not be able to talk
to whatever is in there. To
disintegrate a creature or clone,
select the button below it. When a
creature is gone, you will recover its
vital fluids. However, only the clones
fluids are compatible with your system.

Spaceship Reactivation:


If you already landed on a planet,
you will have a (?) mark appear. If
you choose that, it will reactivate
your spaceship on the surface.

Hyperspace:


From the galaxy map, select the
hyperspace button to travel to that
picked location. You may abort the
sequence at anytime with the delete
key.


YOU CAN ONLY SAVE A GAME AFTER THE
FIRST 5 MINUTES HAVE BEEN PLAYED!
YOU CAN ONLY LOAD A SAVED GAME DURING
THE FIRST 5 MINUTES OF PLAY!


The Finale:


Find the five clones. The last clone
will give the coordinates of the
planet Torka, where the beautiful
Alien Ondoyante is waiting. Once you
go there and teleport her to your
ship, you've won. (Note: She will not
stay in the Fridgitorium.)



DOCS TYPED IN BY ROBOCOP!

Taken from the 64 docs written by
eaglesoft and altered for the amiga
by ROBOCOP!



Snaffled from the Amiga by SEWER 
SOFTWARE.Alterations and corrections 
by SEWER RAT.
