                                DRAGONS BREATH

USER GUIDE

OBJECT OF THE GAME

PLAYERS
 The Characters in the game
 Starting a new game
 Demo mode
 Restoring a saved game

THE MAIN GAME SCREEN
 Proceeding into the game
 Moving the game to the next month
 Saving a game
 Aborting a game

THE CASTLE SCREENS
1. THE LIBRARY
   THE ACCOUNTS BOOK
   THE CURRENT AFFAIRS BOOK
   THE STOCK BOOK

2. DRAGONS

3. EGG INCUBATION

4. TRADERS

5. CASTING SPELLS

6. MAPS AND DRAGON ASSIGNMENTS
   Maps
   Taxes
   Attacking or conquering villages
   Training missions
   Rewards and hostage missions
   Searching the countryside
   Recalling dragons
   Finding parts of the Talisman

THE END OF THE GAME

PLAYING a SAVED GAME
Dragons Breath can take a very long time to play and, unfortunately.
there may be other things that you have to do in life. It is therefore
possible to save the game at certain points to resume at a later time.
Game saves should be made onto a blank, formatted disk - so don't
forget to format another disk before starting to play. If you are
uncertain how to do this, refer to your computer's user manual.
To resume a previously saved game you should click on the disk icon on
he Player Choice screen.

FUNCTION KEYS
The following function keys may be used:

F1  -  toggles sound on/off
F9  -  toggles picture fade between normal and fast

Far, far away lies the land of Anrea, a place governed by the Great
Lords. Within the land of Anrea stands Dwarf Mountain and since the
beginning of time the mountain has been the source of evil forces.
While the most distant parts of Anrea have developed and prospered,
the countryside surrounding the mountain has always been beset by war
and famine.
Legend has it that in the Throne Room of the Great Castle at the top
of Dwarf Mountain lies the secret of immortality. Three people crave
this secret and the Great Lords permit them to fight to win entry to
the Great castle.

THE OBJECT OF THE GAME
The object of Dragons Breath is for a player to find (and keep) the
parts of a talisman that allows entry to the Throne Room.
The three parts of the Talisman are scattered throughout the land
surrounding the mountain and may only be found by dragons. The parts
cannot be moved until all three are guarded by one player's dragons,
all at the same time. Therefore a player must have at least three
dragons to win. The first objective of the game, therefore, is to breed
dragons and to create an income to do this.

PLAYERS
There are three characters in Dragons Breath, each of which can be
played by either a human player or by the computer.

The three characters are Bachim the Alchemist, Quered the She-Vampire
and Ametrin the Green Beast. Throughout the game, wherever one of the
them) this is done by a color: blue for Bachim, green for Quered and
red for Ametrin.

THE PLAYER CHOICE SCREEN

STARTING A NEW GAME
The three Dragonmasters are displayed, showing their name and color.
Each has a small human-figure icon: if you click on this you can toggle
between the human and computer symbols. If less than three human
players are participating the remaining characters should be set to
computer control.

DEMO MODE
If you stay on the Player Choice Screen without continuing, the game
will automatically go into demo mode. To escape from demo mode press
the ESC key of your computer and the demo will abort shortly afterwards
at the end of the next month.

RESTORING A SAVED GAME
Do not set the characters (as detailed above) but click on the disk
icon at the bottom of the Player Choice screen and follow the
instructions to restore your previous position.

THE MAIN GAME SCREEN
The game is divided into months, with nine months making an Ora (or
game year). During each month the three characters must take a turn
(which will happen automatically for any computer-controlled
characters) to make decisions and carry out tasks. Once each player has
taken their turn the computer will make all the necessary calculations
and proceed to the next month.

If more than one human player participates you may wish to agree
before starting not to look at the screen while certain strategic
decisions such as setting up dragon missions or casting spells are
being made by opponents.

At the start of the game and at the beginning of each month you will
find yourself at the Main Game Screen. This shows a general map of the
area of Anrea surrounding Dwarf Mountain, the current month and Ora,
and six icons at the bottom of the screen.

CHARACTER     The three character icons, with human-controlled
 ICON         characters shown lit up.

Click on your character and you will proceed to a screen showing your
castle and a new row of icons (see Castle Screens). When you have
finished your tasks you will return to the Main Game screen on quitting
the Castle Screen. Then the next human player can take their turn by
clicking on their character icon.

EGG TIMER     Once each of the human players has taken their turn,
 ICON         click on this icon and the computer will move the game on
              a month. The castles of the computer-controlled
characters will each appear as their turns are completed. You will not
be able to proceed unless each human character has taken a turn.

The results of the month's activities are reported at the bottom of
the screen and graphic sequences depict dragons (represented by
colored balls) moving across the map of Anrea attacking villages and,
perhaps, fighting each other.

If you have set your dragon on a training mission this will take place
at this point (for which you will need a joystick plugged in). (See
Dragon Assignments.)

Sometimes, before moving on to the next month  you will be told that a
village has offered you a reward in return for helping them. They may
offer you more than one type of reward so click on your choice and then
press the red arrow to accept.

DISK          Choose this icon if you wish to save a game to a blank,
ICON          formatted disk to resume at a later time.
              Notice that this icon will often flash to remind you to
              save.

SKULL         Choose this icon if you wish to abort a game. You must
ICON          confirm your decision - click on the red arrow if you
              agree to abort, the cross if you do not.

THE CASTLE SCREENS
Once you have clicked on your Character Icon from the Main Game Screen
you will arrive at your character's Castle Screen. There are three such
screens, one for each of the characters.

From your lefty castle you will carry out your tasks using the icons
at the bottom of the screen. The one on the far left shows icons at the
bottom of the screen. The one on the far left shows your character. By
clicking on the middle six icons you are able to do a number of things,
after each time returning to the Castle Screen. (The cross icon takes
you back to the Main Game Screen).

You may access these areas in any order you choose (although we
suggest you start by looking at them in the order that these
instructions are written). There is no requirement to carry out all the
tasks each month - although you must do at least one thing to be
considered to have taken a turn!

(Book Icon) THE LIBRARY
At the start of the game and after each month it is advisable to take
stock of the current situation and this is done by consulting your
library.

Clicking will reveal your monthly accounts (the green book). You may
also study current affairs (red book) and magic stock (purple book).
Clicking on the book/arrow icons allows you to turn pages of the books
where relevant.

 BOOK        Accounts. Monthly spending is crucial to your
 ICON        success and you must budget carefully. Any
             visiting traders arriving at your castle are
reported here as are the whereabouts of your dragons and, very
importantly, if a part of the talisman exists in a village under your
control.

Throughout the game each character is being taxed by the Great Lords
at a rate of 2 gelds per month. There is a further tax of 1 geld per
month for each dragon you have and a further geld for each village in
your possession.

 BOOK        Current Affairs. Current battles, which influence events
 ICON        and may help you supplement your income, are reported
             here. So are nexs of hostages (rescue of which will bring
you a reward), the whereabouts of itinerant barbarians (be careful!)
and villages that have been established or destroyed.

Throughout the game the races of people that populate different
villages battle with other races. Sometimes one village will conquer
another and the victors will repopulate the latter with their own race
of people. If one of the three characters in the game owns the
victorious village they will now also own the vanquished one.

 The population of villages normally grows. As villages grow into towns
they spawn new villages which have all the same characteristics (except
location and population size) of their parent. Again, if a character
owns the parent town they will also the new village.

 BOOK        Magic Stock. This shows the current stock of ingredients
 ICON        in your alchemy store, essential for the manufacture of
             spells.

(Dragon Eye Icon) DRAGONS
 Entering this section allows you to monitor the attributes of your
dragons - wisdom, eyesight, strength, age, health, disease and speed -
and to cast spells to change them.

 Once into the dragon section you arrive at the part of your castle
where the dragons' lairs are located. You start with one dragon
sleeping in the top left-hand lair and, as the game progresses and you
successfully breed more, they will occupy the other cells.

 To see which dragons you currently possess move your pointer across
the lair doors and the dragons' names will be shown in the right-hand
panel. To check the current state of your dragon's attributes click on
its cell door. The screen will show the dragon and you can pass the
pointer over its body to see its state.

CRYSTAL        If you wish to cast a spell on your dragons to change
 BALL          their attributes click on the spell icon. For
 ICON          information on how to cast spells see the Spell Book.

THE CASTLE SCREENS continued

(Egg incubation icon) EGG INCUBATION
 You will start the game with one dragon and twenty eggs. It is
necessary for your character to have dragons to progress (and you need
at least three to win) and dragons are often killed during the game.
Therefore it is essential to start breeding dragons from your eggs
immediately. This is done in the Egg Incubation room of your castle.

 EGG            You are able to incubate up to four eggs at any one
 ICON           time. To do this click on one of the egg icons at the
                bottom of the screen. Move your pointer to the center
of the screen and click again so that the egg is placed in the
incubator.

 Eggs require heat to incubate so don't forget to do this or they will
not hatch. To set the temperature control, place the pointer on the
small wheel at the right of the screen. Click on the left mouse button
and at the same time move the pointer up over the right side of the
wheel. (If you are using a joystick press fire and push up). The wheel
should now turn and the gauge at the far right should indicate the heat
level. By using this method in opposite directions on the wheel you
are able to increase or reduce the heat.

 An egg will take a number of months before it hatches. The higher the
heat the faster this will happen. However, heat costs money and the
more you are using at one time the faster your financial resources are
being depleted. You must therefore choose a balance between hatching
eggs and running down your finances. If your money is depleted your
egg will not hatch. An egg on a low heat will take many months to hatch
but will eventually be stronger.

 Each time you return to the Egg Incubation room the hourglass in the
top left will show the proportion of time taken so far in nurturing the
egg.

 EGG            If you wish to incubate another of the four eggs, or to
 ICON           inspect a different one in incubation click on the
                relevant egg icon at the bottom of the screen.

 CRYSTAL        On each egg incubation screen is a crystal ball icon.
 BALL           Click to cast spells affecting the characteristics of
 ICON           the dragon once it hatches. Read the Spell Book for
                more information.

 At the end of the relevant month you will be told that one of your
eggs is hatching after which you will be asked to give the new dragon a
name. This may be up to eight characters with no spaces and must not be
the same as an existing name. When it happens, you will also see the
other characters' eggs hatching (both human and computer players).

(DOOR ICON) TRADERS
 Traders will often visit your castle and it is from them that you are
able to buy further stocks of ingredients for spells. If a trader is
outside your castle  the door icon on your Castle Screen will be lit
up.

 You are not obliged to buy anything. If you don't, the trader will
leave and return later in the game.

 Once you have clicked on the door icon you will be presented with a
screen showing you the trader, what he has to offer, the prices and how
much money you have. If you now decide not to buy anything click on the
cross to return to the Castle Screen.

 If you wish to buy something click on the up arrow next to the item.
The down arrow allows you to reduce the amount you wish to buy. You can
only buy items you can afford.

 Once you have set your transaction click on the arrow to confirm your
purchase, after which you will return to the Castle Screen.

THE CASTLE SCREENS continued

(CRYSTAL BALL ICON) CASTING SPELLS
 To be successful in the game it is important that you become
proficient in the use of alchemy. Although you may play Dragons Breath
without the use of magic, your performance will be competing against
computer players, they will most certainly use magic to improve their
game.

 Clicking on the crystal ball icon on your Castle Screen takes you to
your Spell Room and there you can cast spells to increase your money
and egg supply. Also, on particular screens you will have a crystal
ball icon and these allow you to direct spells at villages, dragons and
eggs.

 To learn about casting spells you will need to read the Spell Book.

THE CASTLE SCREENS CONTINUED

(Scroll icon) MAPS AND DRAGON ASSIGNMENTS
 In this section of the game you are able to gain a view of the area of
Anrea around the mountain and see where towns and villages are located;
to know which of the three characters owns these settlements; and to
search the land and gain control of parts of it.

MAPS
 Having clicked on the scroll icon on the Castle Screen you are
presented with a perspective view of Anrea. In the center stands your
ultimate goal, Dwarf Mountain, and to the west, north-east and south
the three castles of Bachim, Querod and Ametrim. Click on the
                magnifying glass icon and the map will show, in
MAGNIFYING      miniature, the settlements of the country. Each castle
GLASS ICON      flies the combatant's flag  - red, green or blue - and,
                as each character gains control of the villages each
will also show the relevant flag. NOw move your pointer over the map
and, having chosen a section, press the fire or left cursor button.

 This next screen shows the Detail Map of Anrea. By clicking on the
four points of the compass you can make the map scroll around the land.

 In many areas of the map you can see hut symbols which each represent
a town or village with their colors representing the race of the
inhabitants.

 As you move your pointer over the map, the panel on the right of the
screen will show the type of land and the distance from your castle.
When you move the pointer on to a hut symbol the panel will also show
the name of the settlement, its race, population, and a grading of
industry or yeomanry.

 Clicking on village symbol will produce a view of part of the village.
Try clicking on different villages and notice how some villages have
more advanced buildings than others. On this screen you can see a spell
                icon by which you cast a spell on the village. See the
CRYSTAL         Casting Spells section for further information.
BALL ICON

When you return to the Detail Map in subsequent months, a colored
square surrounding a village indicates ownership by a player. A dragon
symbol within the square indicates that the character's dragon is
guarding that location.

TAXES
 If the current player owns the village, two horizontal bars are shown
above the village. The first is the tax rate which controls how much
money you wish to take from the village. Click anywhere on this bar to
change it. The lower bar shows the resistance of the people which will
grow in proportion to the rate of tax. When this gets too gets too high
they will revolt they can not revolt, however, if a dragon is guarding
the village.

 DRAGON         Returning to the Detail Map, at the bottom of the
 EYE            screen are three icons. Choose the scroll when you want
 ICON           to return to the previous perspective view of Anrea and
                the cross icon when you wish to return to the Castle
Screen. Click on the dragon eye if you want to go raiding with a
dragon.

ATTACKING OR CONQUERING VILLAGES

 DRAGON         Once you have clicked on the dragon eye you will be
 CELLS          presented with a new icon that you click on to choose
 ICON           which of your dragons you wish to use. You will start
                the game with only one dragon but if all goes well, as
the game progresses, you will breed more. Click on the left or right
groups of cells doors and you will cycle through your current dragons,
details of which are shown in the top right panel. When you have a
number of dragons you will be able to set each one of them different
tasks each month.

 FLAG           Now, if you wish to raid a town or village click on
 ICON           your target on the map. Two icons will appear beside
                the map. The top icon, the door, allows you to go back
one step if you change your mind. The lower icon, the flag, allows you
to select either "Attack (village) Conquer and Keep" if you wish to own
the settlement or "Attack (village) Return after Task" if you only want
to raid it.

 It is possible for you to send your dragon to a location guarded or
under attack by another character's dragon. When this happens there
will be a fight between the two which the stronger will win, You cannot
send your dragon to a location guarded by another of your owns dragons.

 Once you have given the dragon its orders there are two methods by
which you can carry this out: either to let the computer do this
automatically, or, if you prefer a spot of joystick action you can
control the dragon yourself by clicking on the "Training" box. (Read
about Training missions later in this section).

 If you decide to let the computer simulate the action you must first
choose the amount of - "Zeal" - that is the amount of energy your
dragon will expend - by clicking on one of the three boxes. Greater
zeal means more chance of success but costs a lot of dragon health,
thus exhausting, and, in extreme cases, killing it. (In the case of a
training mission the level of zeal is in the hands of the player and
therefore this will not need to be set).

 You must kill a certain percentage of the population to succeed. Your
dragon's attributes and the ability of the inhabitants of your target
will influence the outcome. Whether you guide your dragon on a Training
mission or choose a computer simulation, there is no guarantee of
success, which is dependent on many factors. During a mission your
dragon may die, or if merely unsuccessfully in capturing the target,
will return to its lair to sleep.

 The mission itself will not actually take place until you return to
the Main Game screen, click on the hour glass icon and move the game on
a month.

 Once you have returned to the Castle Screen, and carried out other
tasks that you may wish to do, return to the Main Game Screen. Once
each of the human players has taken their turn you can click on the
hour glass icon and, as the computer moves the game on a month, the
action you have set up will take place. You will see each of the three
character's dragons fly out from the castles to carry out their
missions.

 If you dragon was successful in conquering a village it will stay
there until recalled in a subsequent month. (Read about recalling
dragons later in this section).

TRAINING MISSIONS
 If you have chosen a Training Mission for young dragon this will take
place after you have clicked on the hour glass icon on the Main Game
Screen.

 Have your joystick ready for some arcade-style action. You will
control your dragon flying over the countryside, fighting the defenders
and destroying enough of their settlement in order to capture it. As
you destroy buildings the population of the village will decrease.
Notice how different types of settlements defend themselves in varying
ways depending on their level of technology.

 Note that, although you view your dragon from above, it is actually
breathing its fire diagonally down. Therefore, if you aim to destroy
something on the ground it must be some distance in front of you for
the fire to be effective, whereas something that is in the air must be
close to your dragon to be destroyed.

 The four abacus bars on the right of the screen show (from top to
bottom) dragon health, breath power, village population, and
advancement level of the village. Your playing ability will effect the
wisdom of the dragon.

 The mission will automatically end when either you are successful in
carrying out your task or your dragon is killed. You can abort the
mission by pressing either the space bar or left mouse button. Any
other key will pause the action.

REWARDS AND HOSTAGE MISSIONS
 You will see by looking in the Current Affairs book that throughout
the game the settlements of Anrea are continually fighting each other.

 If you successfully send a dragon to raid a village that is fighting
another the second village will offer you a reward. You will receive
the reward at the end of the month. (See the hour glass icon section of
the Main Game screen for further details).

 You may hear news of a village holding a hostage from another and you
may attempt a rescue mission by clicking on the settlement.

 If you are successful a reward will be given.

SEARCHING THE COUNTRYSIDE
 As the game progresses and you have conquered a number of villages you
may well have discovered the location of parts of the Talisman.
However, it is quite possible you have been successful in outlasting
the other characters yet have still not located all three parts. If you
cannot locate them in the villages you will then have to search the
countryside.

 To carry out a search you must start in the same way as when attacking
or conquering villages: go to the Detail Map and choose attacking or
conquering  villages: go to the Detail Map and choose your dragon. Now,
instead of clicking on a village, click on the piece of countryside you
wish to search. By clicking on the flag you can cycle between "Search
Return After Task" and "Search Conquer and Keep". In search missions
there are no advesaries and therefore it is not relevant to set the
level of Zeal, not is it possible to carry this out as a training
mission.

 Normally it will be necessary for your dragon to land (in other words,
conquer the piece of countryside) to find the Talisman. However, it you
have a dragon with good eyesight it will probably be able to find it
without landing.

RECALLING DRAGONS
 If your dragon has been on a Conquer and Keep mission you may wish it
to return to its lair.

 From the Detail Map screen click on the dragon eye icon. If you have
more than one dragon you will, as usual be presented with the small
dragon's lair icon. Using this, cycle through your dragons to choose
the one you wish to return. If you only have one dragon and it is away
from its lair this stage will be bypassed.

 Once the relevant dragon has been chosen its location will be shown on
the map (note that the surrounding countryside is blanked out). By
clicking on the door or flag icons you may toggle between "Stay On
Guard" and "Return To Lair".

 The flight back to the lair will take a month so this particular
dragon will not be able to carry out any further tasks until the
following turn. You will see it return so the lair at the end of the
month.

FINDING PARTS OF THE TALISMAN
 It is possible that part of the Talisman may be in a village that you
are attacking but unless your dragon has particular good eyesight it
will only see it if it actually conquers and lands there. The only way
to know that you have found it is by referring to the Accounts Book in
your library.

 When a dragon finds a piece it will belong to whoever has possession of
the area and a subsequent battle may mean that ownership is lost to
another character.

(CROSS ICON) END OF THE TURN
 Once you have completed all the tasks you wish to undertake in a
particular month click on the cross to take you from your Castle Screen
back to the Main Game Screen. If there are other human players they can
take their turns and when each has had a turn the game can move on a
month. This process continues until, eventually, either one player wins
or each of the players  has lost all their money and dragons.

THE END OF THE GAME

THE GAME WILL FINISH WHEN EITHER:

1. A character wins by having three dragons each guarding a part of the
Talisman. When this occurs the player's character will be automatically
taken to the Throne Room of the Great Castle at the top of Dwarf
Mountain to learn the ultimate secret of immortality.

2. If a game is being played with human players, each human will lose
when they no longer have money nor dragons. In this case the game will
end when the last human has finished their play. (In the case of a game
with no human players the game will continue until either a character
wins or all three have lost).

SPELL BOOK

INTRODUCTION
 Throughout Dragons Breath you are able to cast spells to improve your
game. You can, for instance cast spells to improve your financial
position and egg supplies, to improve the performance of your dragons,
to increase the population of villages under your control or to
decrease the population of villages under the control of others.
 It is not absolutely necessary to cast spells but remember, even if
you don't the other players (especially computer-controlled characters)
probably will and thus have an advantage. However, we suggest that you
master the basic game before attempting spells.

 Spells are cast by mixing together ingredients in your Spell Room from
your magic stock. Each ingredients has a certain effect. There are also
a number of methods of adding an individual ingredient, each method
having its own effect. Thus, the combination of ingredients and methods
gives an almost endless variation of effects.

 There are so many combinations - and often concoctions using different
ingredients will have similar results - that it would be senseless to
suggest certain the basics of casting spells and to give a guide as to
the results.

 As you gradually become familiar with casting spells and see the
effects they have you can build up your own 'recipe book' of spells.

YOUR MAGIC STOCK
 You will begin the game with a magic stock made from a variety of
plants, minerals, and liquids native to the land of Anrea. You can see
a written record in your Stock Book throughout the game (see the
Library section of the User Guide).

 Within the Spell Book there are descriptions of the most common
ingredients as well as a summary of the main effects of each.

 Sometimes during the game, you will be visited by a trader offering a
selection of items; at a price, of course. Some items are rarer than
others so you may have to experiment to find substitutes. However, the
new player will need to quickly learn to prepare standard spells for
population growth or curing disease, examples of which are listed
later.

 Your spells will only be as good as your ingredients. You won't have
been playing the game very long before you realize the importance of
raising cash to buy as many elements as you can . Initially you have a
good stock of items to experiment with, but a few months on, you may
find yourself having to find substitutes.

CHOOSING YOUR TARGET
 You choose the target your spell is aimed at before you enter the
Spell Room.

 At the bottom of the screen where you view your individual dragons is
a crystal ball icon allowing you to cast spells on that dragon.
Similarly, the crystal ball at the bottom of an egg incubation screen
allows you to cast spells on that egg.

 To cast a spell on a village click on your target on the Detail Map
then, once on the village screen, click on the crystal ball.

 In order to cast spells on your character to increase your money and
egg supplies click on the crystal ball on thee Castle Screen.

 Once you have chosen the particular target and clicked on the crystal
ball icon you will enter the Spell Room.

THE SPELL ROOM
 In the Spell Room the shelves are lined with magic stock. Move your
pointer over a bottle on the shelves at the top and you will be shown
the name and quantity of the contents.

 The various apparatus of the alchemy set are, from left to right, for
cutting, grinding, mixing, and for adding as normal. At the bottom is a
bunsen burner. To turn this on click on the ring just above the base
and increase the flame by moving your pointer upwards. To adjust the
condenser click on the spherical bowl and move your pointer up to
increase and down to decrease; notice the change in the horizontal
pipe.

 Having set the bunsen burner and condenser at the required levels,
click on the bottle or jar you wish to select and you can move it
around the screen. Place it above one of the apparatus and click again
to insert a measure. Click anywhere on the shelves to return the
bottle.

 You will need to reconsider your use of the bunsen burner and
condenser for every ingredient. Don't forget to reset as necessary.

 Be careful when mixing spells. If your mixture is too potent it will
explode. In this case you will have lost those ingredients used and
will not be able to mix another spell until the following month while
your equipment is being repaired.

 Use the arrow icon to proceed and cast the spell, or the cross to
quit. Quitting will lose any used ingredients.

SOME BASIC SPELL THEORY
 All ingredients are divided into one of two categories - Directors or
Affectors - and you must have both for a spell to work.

 1) Directors. These are ingredients that "direct" power at your
    target, either a human (usually your character), egg, dragon or a
    village.
 2) Affectors. These are ingredients that "affect" an attribute of a
    human, egg, dragon or a village. This could be disease, wisdom,
    combat ability, growth (either physical as in the case of dragons,
    or population in the case of villages), senses, or speed. Each
    element has often more than one effect depending on the method of
    preparation.

 You may add in to your spell any number of ingredients in any
quantities, although if the spell becomes too potent it will explode.
However, every ingredient is going to have an effect, and probably
side-effects so try not to make a spell too complex. To get the best
effects you will discover that it is often best to use differing
quantities of each ingredient.

 Many ingredients have more than one effect. One may have a very strong
effect but may also have other lesser effects. Thus, using the strong
effect for a particular purpose may give you additional side-effects
which may or may not be beneficial. It may in turn be possible to
counter-act or increase these side-effects by the addition of yet
another ingredient or method of inclusion.

 All ingredients have a power effect when mixed in a spell and the
level of power will vary depending on the method used (mixing,
grinding, etc.). A particular ingredient used in a certain way will
probably boost or reduce the power of the spell.

 You may wish to use certain ingredients specifically to increase or
decrease the power of your spell. As an example, you may have mixed a
Director and an Affector together aimed at increasing the population of
a village. By adding a third ingredient with a strong positive power
you can increase the population by a much larger amount and thus have a
more effective spell.

 Sometimes you may use several ingredients that, together, are too
potent. You can therefore use a further ingredient with a strong
negative power to decrease the effect of the spell.

 Be careful when using ingredients to affect power. Most ingredients
have certain effects of their own and thus unwanted side-effects may
begin to occur.

THE SPELL EFFECT SUMMARY SHEET
 The Summary Sheet is intended as a quick and simple guide to
familiarize you with the magic properties of all the elements. However,
this does not tell the full story and the precise effect of mixing
different ingredients by different methods is detailed in the following
Spell Effect Tables.

 The left hand side of the Summary Sheet refers to the elements one by
one and, at the top, the effect of each. The effects are sub-divided
into Directors and Affectors.

 In the body of the Summary Sheet arrows indicate a plus or minus
effect (both have their uses), depending on your preparation method.
This indicates the strongest effects the ingredient is known to have,
but does not show the relative power of each item, how to use it, or
indicate any subtle side effect, details of which are in the Spell
Effect Tables.

THE SPELL EFFECT TABLES
 You will be surprised at the power and versatility of the spells once
you understand the Spell Effect Tables.

 The first page - the Key to Spell Effect Tables - is a template and
every circle represents an ingredient. The other sheets are comprised
of four Director sheets and seven Affector sheets including a Power
sheet. Use the template to find the corresponding circle on the sheet
that you wish to study. If a circle is blank on the Director and
Effector tables there is no known effect.

 Having chosen your desired effect you should seek the best Director,
then Affector, from your stock of ingredients. The circle will instruct
you on  the most powerful method of preparation and you must then check
the ingredient on all the other tables to spot any side effects.

FIG.1              ____ ____
           normal |   _|_   | cutting
                  |  | | |  |
                  |--+-|-+--|
                  |  |_|_|  |
         grinding |____|____| mixing

 The circle is divided into four quadrants:
- Top left shows the effects of adding your ingredient as normal
- Bottom left shows the effect of grinding your ingredient
- Top right shows the effect of cutting
- Bottom right shows the effect of mixing

 The area inside the inner circle is the negative area. The area
between the inner circle and the circumference is the positive area.

FIG.2              ____ ____
                  |,  _|_   |
                  |  | | |, |
                  |--+-|,+--|
                  |  |,|_|  |
                  |____|____|

 A square in a quadrant shows the degree of effect that will be
achieved by that method of preparation. If no square is shown then
there would be no effect.

 The closer a square is to the center of the circle the more negative
the effect, the closer to the circumference the more positive the
effect.

 In this example, adding this ingredient as normal would achieve a
positive effect. Grinding the ingredient would give a slightly negative
effect. Cutting gives a slightly positive effect. Mixing gives a very
negative effect.

FIG.3              ____ ____
                  |,  _^_   |
                  |  | | |  |
                  |--+-|-+--|
                  |  |_|_|  |
                  |____^____|

 Triangles on the vertical axis show the degree of effect using the
bunsen burner to heat your ingredient. The closer the triangles to the
circumference the more positive the effect.

 For example, adding the ingredient to the spell as normal will give a
positive effect. Additionally, using the bunsen burner will increase
the positive effect.

FIG.4              ____ ____
                  |   _|_   |
                  |  | | |  |
                  |--+*|*+--|
                  |  |_|,|  |
                  |____|____|

 Small circles on the horizontal axis show the degree of effect using
the condenser to cool the ingredient. The closer the circles to the
circumference the more positive the effect.

 In this example, mixing the ingredient into the spell will give a
negative effect. Additionally, using the condenser will make the effect
even more negative.

 It is possible to use both the bunsen burner and condenser at the same
time. One may have a greater effect than the other or, if both have
equal strength they may neutralize the effect. However, their use may
have side-effects.

 To give an example of how you use negative and positive influences,
you may wish to use a spell to increase the growth of the population on
one of your villages. To do this you prepare the ingredient as
recommended in the quadrant where the square symbol is nearest the
circumference (positive effect). If, on the other hand, you want to
reduce the population of a town owned by an enemy, you would prepare
the 'growth' ingredient in the way suggested that illustrates the
square nearest the center of the circle (negative effect).

AN EXAMPLE SPELL
 Here is a step-by-step example of mixing a spell, in this case for
curing your dragon of disease.

STEP 1   To cast a spell on one of your dragons, choose the relevant
dragon (see the Dragon section of the User Guide) and click on the
crystal ball icon. You will now be in the Spell Room and, provided you
successfully direct your spell it will affect the dragon you have
chosen. On the shelves at the top are your current stock of ingredients
from which you may mix your spell.

STEP 2   Examine the Dragon Director Effect Table for the most
effective ingredient you have in stock. Rasgon is the ingredient with a
square nearest the circumference and therefore the most powerful
positive effect. (If you do not have this in stock, alternatives would
be Tius, Sals, Magian, Jaluem, Ayhe or Yasin, all of which contain
squares nearer the center - yet still within the positive boundary -
but are therefore weaker than Rasgon and may have unwanted
side-effects).

 In the case of Rasgon, the square nearest the circumference (giving
the most positive effect) is in the grinding quadrant. The triangle in
the positive area shows that heating should further maximize the
effect.

 Check the grinding quadrant of the Rasgon circles in all the tables
and note any side effects. For example, on the Disease Affector table
you will see that Rasgon has an effect (the square is in the positive
section). This disease side effect will be minimized by heating (shown
by the triangle being just within the negative area). No other effects
of significance are indicated on any of the other tables.

 Now check in the grinding quadrant of the Power Affector Effect Table
and you will see that the spell will be increased by using the bunsen
burner (indicated by the triangles on the vertical axis being in the
positive sector of the circle).

STEP 3   Next, from the Disease Effect Table, find an ingredient with a
strong negative effect. (choosing a positive effect would increase your
dragon's disease!). Fanveer would be best but Mionacal is more readily
available, so we will use this for our example.

 The most effective quadrant for Mionacal is normal - where the square
is closest to the center and thus most negative - although grinding is
a possibility. We can also see that there are a pair of small circles
on the horizontal axis in the negative sector indicating  that turning
on the condenser makes the effect even more negative, which is
desirable in this case.

 By looking at the Mionacal circles in the other Effect tables we find
that there are no major side-effects but useful gains in growth and
combat can be made if, instead of adding Mionacal to out spell as
normal, as we had previously decided, we grind and condense.

 Having decided to grind and condense, check the Power Affector table
to see what the power effect will be. The square shows slightly
positive and condensing shows slightly negative, so overall the power
effect will be virtually neutral.

STEP 4   We can boost the spell further by mixing in Acrus and heating
to give a positive power effect - the square in the mixing quadrant is
nearest the circumference and therefore more positive. You can see by
checking through all the Effect Tables that this ingredient is one of
the few that has no use other than having a power effect and thus has
no side effects when used for this purpose.

STEP 5   Now go ahead and carry out what we have decided. After some
experimentation you will find that it is best to use a differing amount
of each ingredient to get the best effects from your spells. Don't
forget to reset the bunsen burner and condenser between ingredients as
necessary.

 Here is a summary and suggested quantities:

                2 x RASGON      grind & heat
                3 x MIONACAL    grind & condenser
                1 x ACRUS       mix & heat

 Here is a useful spell to increase the population of a village. Choose
your village from the Map section of the game (see Maps and Dragon
Assignments in the User Guide).

        2 x TIUS    normal & temperate (directs the spell at a village)
        2 x CHURL   normal & heat      (affects population)
        1 x ACRUS   mix & temperate    (makes the spell more effective)

Note: the inclusion of Churl gives a side effect of a slight loss of
combat skill.

DESCRIPTION OF VARIOUS INGREDIENTS USED IN MAKING SPELLS

ACRUS           A power magnifier found mainly in the rockier regions
of Anrea. In its raw form acrus is a yellow, foul-smelling liquid.

AROLIG          This has a strong effect, when used on a dragon's wing,
to increase its flying strength. However, an overall muscle weakening
takes place and, it over-used, could cause severe wasting. AROLIG
plants grow at the edges of cultivated land.

AYHE            A raw form of rasgon (Dragon Wish) washed down in
mountain streams. It has a weak director power.

CADOAM          Found under rotting vegetation in shaded woods, this
mushroom grows rapidly and traps its prey by hallucinatory sprays. When
used in casting it can produce remarkable behavior changes in all
animals.

CALOTIS         A rare mineral found as small green stones, mildly
poisonous if swallowed but increases body and mind functions.

CEEOCOR         If you go into the woods you will see large bushes
growing  from any wall or tree trunk, colored white all year because
they have the power of Aalen within. The red berries can be picked and
used for directing spells on dragons eggs.

CEITER          Found in oily pools near water or in swampy woodland,
it rapidly disintegrates if exposed to the air and must be stored with
care. Useful to decrease power.

CHURL           Black crystals found in the northern regions of Anrea,
they have considerable control over the mind when properly directed.

DLEGA           A type of saw grass growing in the lighter woodland
which has a poison content to help it fight off grazing animals, this
causes severe disorientation and often accelerates the mind so much
that the poor animal literally 'thinks' itself to death. Has uses, but
is a very unstable material when used in casting.

FANVEER         This has been grown by farming families for many Ora
alongside their crops to help prevent blight. When harvested and
milled, it is made into a white powder of exceptional purity and used
for curing most diseases and pains. It gives the patient a slight
drowsiness.

HALORES         Legend says this is the blood used by the Circle of the
Mountain - the gathering of Magic users who created the castle of Dwarf
Mountain - spread by the Power about the land at the time of its
formation. It is found as a liquid in remote places and is a very
powerful mind controller.

IGELE           Found around the entrances to mine shafts as slurry.
When evaporated down to a powder the slurry has very negative mind and
sense properties.

Irin            A reddish crumbly powder found along the edges of the
mountain streams in the north, it has been used for many Ora to make
tools and is now quite rare. It has an ability when used in casting
spells to give or take away strength.

JALUEM          A low-power liquid that floats on still water, it can
be used to direct a spell on dragons. Be careful because it can only
just manage this and is unstable when other more powerful agents are
present.

MAGIAN          These slightly mobile plants grow near abundant water
supplies because during courtship they burst into flames to attract a
mate! The water prevents mass devastation of the remaining crop and
leaves the exposed roots free to breed again. In this state they are
ideal for casting speed-spells on dragons.

MAGOEM          A powdered clay from the sticky highland marshes, it
has many effects, which reflect its complicated make-up. Chiefly used
to direct a spell on dragon eggs, it has to be used correctly to
prevent dangerous side-effects occurring.

MIONACAL        These are a decomposed form of early plants that have
been deposited as an earthy layer, hardened and sapped of some of its
strength by rain water. A little unstable in some conditions but still
very weak.

OREGANSE        This is the sap from a common farmland herb having a
strong growth aspects when used as a director.

RASGON          Dragon Wish, as it is called, is the perfect director
for casting dragon spells that has ever existed. Found as a bulbous
root hiding beneath farm crops, it feeds on them as a parasite but
never reveals itself. It has a slight poison content.

SADIEL          A sludge found at the water's edge and possibly the
result of the workings of the population of Anrea, it is not at all
useful. However, if you wish to do some harm, spread some of this
around - after all, everyone else does!

SNIR            A similar root to rasgon, found in woodland areas, it
affects dragon eggs more than dragons but has a negative growth aspect.

THOFT           A completely black and lifeless material found
scattered throughout the Anrean woodlands, it absorbs power and is
useful in reducing the power of an overactive spell, without any side-
effects.

THIUS           A shade-stone that directs spells at humans and
villages. It has some inherent power and poison properties and can be a
little unstable.

ULIN            Similar to irin in most respects but is found in
streams as a small pebble because it is much harder to erode or
dissolve. It has not been used to make tools because it will not melt
in furnaces and even dragon fire only makes it glow.

YASIN           A nasty little nettle found in most open areas of
grassland or crops. It has a very active poison but only causes
paralysis. It is normally used for directing disease at humans and
villages.

SPELL EFFECT SUMMARY SHORT

POSITIVE EFFECT  -   >
NEGATIVE EFFECT  -   <
EFFECT BOTH WAYS -   ><

 Exact results depend on how items are mixed

                     DIRECTOR                  AFFECTOR
               _________/\_______  _______________/\_______________
              |                  ||                                |
                               V         D
                D              I    C    I    G
                R         H    L    O    S    R         P    S    S
                A         U    L    M    E    O    M    O    E    P
                G    E    M    A    B    A    W    I    W    N    E
                O    G    A    G    A    S    T    N    E    S    E
                N    G    N    E    T    E    H    D    R    E    D
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
ACRUS         |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
CALOTIS       |    |    |    | >  |    | >  | >  |    | >  | >  |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
CHURL         |    |    |    |    | >< |    | >< | >< | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
TIUS          |    |    | >< | >  |    | >< |    |    | >  |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
SALE          |    |    | >  | >  |    | >< |    |    | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
MAGIAN        |    | <  |    |    |    |    |    |    | >< |    | >< |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
RASGON        | >  |    |    |    |    | >  |    |    | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
CEEOCOR       |    | >  |    |    |    |    | <  |    | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
DLEGA         |    |    |    |    | <  | >< |    |    | >< | >  |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
MAGOEM        |    | >< |    |    |    | >< | <  | <  | >< |    | <  |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
KAIRMENDE     |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    | >  |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
IGELE         |    |    |    |    |    |    |    | <  | >< | >< | <  |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
ULIN          |    |    |    |    | >< |    | <  | <  | >  |    | >< |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
Irin          |    |    |    |    | >< |    |    |    | >< |    | >< |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
PFOSS         |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    | >  |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
JALUEM        | >< |    |    |    |    | >  |    |    | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
HALOROS       |    |    |    |    |    |    |    | >< | >< | <  |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
MIONACAL      |    |    |    |    |    | <  |    |    | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
CEITER        |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
SNIR          |    | >  |    |    |    |    | <  |    | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
SGAEL         |    |    | >  |    |    |    |    |    | >  |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
FANVEER       |    |    |    |    |    | <  |    | <  | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
MOLMAR        |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    | >< | >  |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
THOFT         |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    | <  |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
CADOAM        |    |    |    |    |    |    |    | >< | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
SMYTE         |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
AROLIG        |    |    |    |    |    |    | <  |    | >  |    | >< |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
YASIM         |    |    | >  | >  |    | >  |    |    | >  |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
AYHE          | >< |    |    |    |    |    |    |    | >  |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
CHIFE         |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
OREGANSE      |    |    |    |    |    |    | >< |    | >< |    |    |
              |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
SADIEL        |    |    |    |    |    | >  |    |    | >< |    |    |

ALL THESE RECTANGLES WERE ORIGINALLY DRAWN AS CIRCLES, BUT HERE WE HAVE
TURNED THEM INTO RECTANGLES IN ORDER TO SHOW IT TO YOU IN ASCII FORMAT.

KEY TO EFFECT TABLE
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  ACRUS  |  | CALOTIS |  |  CHURL  |  |  TIUS   |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |      ____ ____
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|     |   _|    |
                                                         |  | |    |
                                                         |--+-+----|
   _________    _________    _________    _________      |    |    |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |     |____|____|
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  SALE   |  | MAGIAN  |  | RASGON  |  | CEEOCOR |       NORMAL
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|

                                                     , means TEMPERATE
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  DLEGA  |  | MAGOEM  |  |KAIRMENDE|  |  IGELE  |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |      ____ ____
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|     |    |    |
                                                         |    |    |
                                                         |--+-|----|
   _________    _________    _________    _________      |  |_|    |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |     |____|____|
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  ULIN   |  |  Irin   |  |  PFOSS  |  | JALUEM  |      GRINDING
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|

                                                     ^ means BUNSEN
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  | HALOROS |  |MIONACAL |  | CEITER  |  |  SNIR   |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |      ____ ____
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|     |    |    |
                                                         |    |    |
                                                         |----|-+--|
   _________    _________    _________    _________      |    |_|  |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |     |____|____|
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  SGAEL  |  | FANVEER |  | MOLMAR  |  |  THOFT  |       MIXING
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|

                                                     * means CONDENSER
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  | CADOAM  |  |  SMYTE  |  | AROLIG  |  |  YASIM  |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |      ____ ____
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|     |    |_   |
                                                         |    | |  |
                                                         |----|-+--|
   _________    _________    _________    _________      |    |    |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |     |____|____|
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |   AYHE  |  |  CHIFE  |  |OREGANSE |  | SADIEL  |       CUTTING
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|


DRAGON DIRECTOR EFFECT TABLE
   _________    _________    _________    ____ ____
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |   _|_,  |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____    _________
  |   _|_,  |  |   _|_   |  |  ,_^_   |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |--+*|*+--|  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_*  |  |, |_|_|  |  |         |
  |____|____|  |____|____|  |____^____|  |_________|
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    ____ ____
  |   _|_   |  |         |  |         |  | , _^_,  |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |--+*|*+--|  |         |  |         |  |-*+-|-+*-|
  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_,  |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|  |____^____|
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    _________    _________    ____ ____
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |   _|_   |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  ,_|_|  |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    _________
  |  ,_^_,  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |--*-|-+*-|  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  ,_|_|  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |____^____|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|


EGG DIRECTOR EFFECT TABLE
   _________    _________    ____ ____    ____ ____
  |         |  |         |  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |
  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |
  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |-*+-|-+*-|
  |         |  |         |  |  ,_|_|  |  |  |_|_,  |
  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|  |____|____|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____
  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |  |,  _^_,  |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |
  |--+-|-+--|  |--+-|,+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |-*+-|-+*-|
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |  ,_|_|  |  |  ,_|_,  |
  |____|____|  |____|____|  |____|____|  |____^____|
   _________    ____ ____    _________    _________
  |         |  | , _|_,  |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |-*+-|-+*-|  |         |  |         |
  |         |  | ,|_|_,  |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    _________
  |   _|_   |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |--+*|*+--|  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    _________    _________    ____ ____
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  ,_^_   |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|, |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |____^____|
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    _________    _________    ____ ____
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |   _|_   |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|, |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|


HUMAN DIRECTOR EFFECT TABLE
   _________    _________    _________    ____ ____
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  ,_^_   |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  | |,|  |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |--+-|,+--|
  |         |  |         |  |         |  | ,|_|_|  |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |____^____|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    _________
  | , _|_   |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|_|, |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    ____ ____    _________    _________
  |         |  |   _|_,  |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |____|_'__|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    _________
  |   _|_   |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |--*-|-*--|  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    _________
  |  ,_^_,  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |  |         |
  | ,|_|_|  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |____^____|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    _________    _________    ____ ____
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |   _|_ , |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|


VILLAGE DIRECTOR EFFECT TABLE
   _________    ____ ____    _________    ____ ____
  |         |  | , _^_,  |  |         |  |,  _|_   |
  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |         |  |-*+-|-+*-|  |         |  |--+-|-+--|
  |         |  | ,|_|_|  |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |
  |_________|  |____^_'__|  |_________|  |__'_|____|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    _________
  | , _|_   |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |____|_'__|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    _________
  |  ,_|_   |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    _________    _________    ____ ____
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |   _^_   |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |____^____|
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |   _|_   |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |____|_'__|  |_________|


COMBAT AFFECTOR EFFECT TABLE
   _________    _________    ____ ____    _________
  |         |  |         |  |  ,_^_,  |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |-*+-|-+*-|  |         |
  |         |  |         |  | ,|_|_|, |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|  |_________|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____    _________
  |   _|_   |  |   _|_,  |  |   _^_   |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |--*-|-*--|  |--+-|-+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |____|_'__|  |____|____|  |____^____|  |_________|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    _________    _________
  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |
  |--+,|-+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |
  |____|____|  |__'_|____|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    _________    _________
  |'  _|_   |  | , _|_ , |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |
  |-*+-|-+*-|  |-*+-|-+*-|  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|_|, |  |  |_|'|  |  |         |  |         |
  |____|____|  |__'_|____|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    ____ ____    _________    _________
  |         |  |   _^_   |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |
  |         |  | ,|_|_|  |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |____^____|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    ____ ____    _________
  |   _|_,  |  |         |  |   _|_   |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |__'_|____|  |_________|
   _________    _________    ____ ____    _________
  |         |  |         |  |   _|_,  |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    ____ ____    _________
  |   _|_   |  |         |  |   _|_   |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |__'_|____|  |_________|  |__'_|____|  |_________|


DISEASE AFFECTOR EFFECT TABLE
   _________    ____ ____    _________    ____ ____
  |         |  |   _|_   |  |         |  |  ,_|_,  |
  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |         |  |--*-|-*--|  |         |  |-*+-|-+*-|
  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |
  |_________|  |____|_'__|  |_________|  |____|_'__|
   ____ ____    _________    ____ ____    _________
  | , _|_,  |  |         |  |   _|_   |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |         |
  |  |_|'|  |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |_'__|____|  |_________|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    _________    _________
  |  ,_|_,  |  | , _|_   |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |,|_|  |  |         |  |         |
  |____|____|  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    ____ ____
  |   _|_,  |  |         |  |         |  |   _|_,  |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |  |-*+-|-+*-|
  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|  |__'_|__'_|
   _________    ____ ____    _________    ____ ____
  |         |  |   _^_   |  |         |  |   _^_   |
  |         |  |  |,| |  |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |         |  |--*-|-*--|  |         |  |--*-|-*--|
  |         |  |  |'|_|  |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |
  |_________|  |____^____|  |_________|  |____^____|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    _________    _________
  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |--+'|-+--|  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |,|_|  |  |         |  |         |
  |____|_'__|  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    _________    ____ ____
  |   _|_   |  |  ,_|_,  |  |         |  | , _^_   |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |-*+-|-+*-|  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |--+*|*+--|
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |,|_|  |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |
  |____|____|  |____|____|  |_________|  |____^____|
   _________    _________    ____ ____    ____ ____
  |         |  |         |  |   _|_   |  |,  _^_   |
  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |
  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |-*+-|-+*-|
  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  | ,|_|_|, |
  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|  |____^____|


GROWTH AFFECTOR EFFECT TABLE
   _________    ____ ____    ____ ____    _________
  |         |  |   _|_ , |  | , _^_,  |  |         |
  |         |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |         |
  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |  |'|'|  |  |         |
  |_________|  |____|____|  |____^____|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    ____ ____
  |   _|_   |  |         |  |         |  |   _|_   |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |--*-|-*--|  |         |  |         |  |--*-|-*--|
  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |  |  |'|_|  |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    _________    _________
  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | '  |  |         |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|'|  |  |         |  |         |
  |__'_|____|  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    _________
  |   _|_   |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  |,|_|  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    _________    ____ ____
  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |  |         |  |   _|_   |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |--+-|-+--|  |--*-|-*--|  |         |  |--+-|-+--|
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |
  |__'_|____|  |__'_|____|  |_________|  |____|____|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    _________    _________
  |  ,_|_   |  |  ,_|_   |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |
  |--*-|-*--|  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |
  |____|____|  |__'_|_'__|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    ____ ____    _________
  |  ,_|_   |  |         |  |  ,_|_   |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |  |,|_|  |  |         |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |____|____|  |_________|
   _________    _________    ____ ____    _________
  |         |  |         |  |,  _^_   |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  | | '  |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |--+*|*+--|  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |__'_^____|  |_________|


MIND AFFECTOR EFFECT TABLE
   _________    _________    ____ ____    _________
  |         |  |         |  |   _|_,  |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  | ^ |  |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |-*+-|-+*-|  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  |_^_,  |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|  |_________|
   _________    ____ ____    ____ ____    _________
  |         |  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |  |         |
  |         |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |         |  |--+*|*+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |         |
  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |_________|  |__'_|____|  |____|_'__|  |_________|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    _________    ____ ____
  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |  |         |  |   _|_   |
  |  | | |  |  |  | |'|  |  |         |  |  | |'|  |
  |--+-*-+--|  |-*+-|-+*-|  |         |  |-*+-|-+*-|
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_,  |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |
  |____|____|  |____|____|  |_________|  |____|_'__|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    _________    _________
  |   _^_   |  |   _^_,  |  |         |  |         |
  |  |'| |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |
  |____^____|  |____^____|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    _________
  |   _|_  ,|  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  | ^ |  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  |,^_|  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____    _________
  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |  |'| |  |  |  |'| |  |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |-*+-|-+*-|  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |'|_|  |  |  |_|_|, |  |         |
  |__'_|____|  |____|____|  |____|____|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    ____ ____    _________
  | , _^_   |  |         |  |  ,_|_   |  |         |
  |  | | '  |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |-*+-|-+*-|  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |____^_'__|  |_________|  |____|____|  |_________|
   _________    _________    ____ ____    _________
  |         |  |         |  |   _|_   |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |-*+-|-+*-|  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|  |_________|


POWER AFFECTOR EFFECT TABLE
   ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____
  |  ,_^_   |  |  ,_|_ , |  | , _^_   |  | , _|_   |
  |  | | |  |  |  | ^ |  |  |  | | '  |  |  | | |  |
  |--+-|'+--|  |-*+-|-+*-|  |--+*|*+--|  |--+-|-+--|
  |  |_|_|, |  | ,|_^_|, |  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |
  |__'_^____|  |____|____|  |____^_'__|  |__'_|____|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____
  |  ,_^_   |  | , _^_   |  | , _^_   |  | , _|_,  |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | '  |  |  | | '  |  |  | | |  |
  |--+*|*+--|  |--*-|-*--|  |-*+-|-+*-|  |-*+-|-+*-|
  |  |_|_,  |  |  |'|_|, |  |  |_|_,  |  |  ,_|'|  |
  |__'_^____|  |____^____|  |_'__^____|  |____|____|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____
  |  ,_|_,  |  | , _^_   |  |'  _|_   |  | , _^_   |
  |  | ^ |  |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |  | | '  |
  |-*+-|-+*-|  |-*+-|-+*-|  |--+-|-+--|  |--*-|-*--|
  |  |_^_,  |  |  |_|_'  |  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |
  |__'_|____|  |__'_^____|  |____|____|  |____^_'__|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____
  | , _^_,  |  | , _|_,  |  | , _^_ , |  | , _|_   |
  |  | | |  |  |  | ^ |  |  |  | | |  |  |  | ^ '  |
  |--+-|-+--|  |--+*|*+--|  |--+-*-+--|  |-*+-|-+*-|
  |  |,|_'  |  |  |,^_|  |  | ,|_|_|  |  |  |_^_,  |
  |____^____|  |____|_'__|  |____^_'__|  |__'_|____|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____
  | , _^_   |  | , _^_   |  |   _^_   |  |  ,_^_   |
  |  | | '  |  |  | | '  |  |  | | '  |  |  | | '  |
  |--+*|*+--|  |--+*|*+--|  |--+-*-+--|  |--+*|*+--|
  |  |,|'|  |  |  |_|'|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |  |,|_|  |
  |____^____|  |_'__^____|  |__'_^_'__|  |____^_'__|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____
  |  ,_|_   |  | , _^_   |  | , _|_   |  |   _|_   |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | '  |  |  | | '  |  |  | | |  |
  |--+-|-+--|  |-*+-|-+*-|  |-*+-|-+*-|  |--+-*-+--|
  |  |_|_|, |  |  |_|_,  |  |  |_|_'  |  |  |_|_|  |
  |__'_|____|  |____^____|  |__'_|____|  |____|____|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____
  | , _^_   |  | , _^_,  |  | , _|_,  |  | , _|_,  |
  |  | | '  |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |
  |--+-|-+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |--+*|*+--|  |-*+-|-+*-|
  |  |,|_'  |  |  |,|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |
  |____^____|  |____^____|  |__'_|__'_|  |__'_|_'__|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____    ____ ____
  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |  | , _^_   |
  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |  | |,|  |
  |--+-|-+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |--*-|-*--|
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|'|  |
  |____|____|  |____|____|  |____|____|  |__'_^____|


SENSE AFFECTOR EFFECT TABLE
   _________    ____ ____    _________    _________
  |         |  |   _^_,  |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |____^____|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    ____ ____
  |  ,_|_,  |  |         |  |         |  | , _^_   |
  |  | ^ |  |  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |--*-|-*--|  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|
  |  |_^_|  |  |         |  |         |  |  |'|_|, |
  |____|_'__|  |_________|  |_________|  |____^____|
   _________    _________    _________    ____ ____
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |   _|_   |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |__'_|____|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    _________
  |   _^_   |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |--*-|-*--|  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|'|  |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |____^____|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    ____ ____    ____ ____    _________
  |         |  |   _|_   |  |,  _|_   |  |         |
  |         |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |-*+-|-+*-|  |         |
  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |_________|  |__'_|____|  |____|____|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    ____ ____    _________
  |  ,_|_   |  |         |  |   _|_   |  |         |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |--*-|-*--|  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |____|____|  |_________|
   _________    _________    _________    _________
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|  |_________|


SPEED AFFECTOR EFFECT TABLE
   _________    _________    ____ ____    _________
  |         |  |         |  |   _|_   |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |--*-|-*--|  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|  |_________|
   _________    ____ ____    _________    _________
  |         |  |,  _^_   |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |  | | '  |  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |-*+-|-+*-|  |         |  |         |
  |         |  |  |'|_|  |  |         |  |         |
  |_________|  |____^_'__|  |_________|  |_________|
   _________    ____ ____    _________    ____ ____
  |         |  |   _^_   |  |         |  |   _|_   |
  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |  |  |'| |  |
  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |--+-|-+--|
  |         |  |  |_|_,  |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |
  |_________|  |____^____|  |_________|  |____|____|
   ____ ____    ____ ____    _________    _________
  |   _^_   |  |   _|_   |  |         |  |         |
  |  |,| |  |  |  | |'|  |  |         |  |         |
  |--+-|-+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |         |  |         |
  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |
  |____^_'__|  |__'_|____|  |_________|  |_________|
   ____ ____    _________    _________    ____ ____
  |   _|_   |  |         |  |         |  |  ,_|_   |
  |  | | |  |  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |
  |--*-|-*--|  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|
  |  |_|_|  |  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |
  |____|____|  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|
   _________    ____ ____    ____ ____    _________
  |         |  |   _|_   |  |   _|_   |  |         |
  |         |  |  | | |  |  |  |'|'|  |  |         |
  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |--+-|-+--|  |         |
  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |  |,|_|  |  |         |
  |_________|  |____|____|  |____|____|  |_________|
   _________    ____ ____    ____ ____    _________
  |         |  |   _|_   |  | , _^_   |  |         |
  |         |  |  | | |  |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |         |  |-*+-|-+*-|  |-*+-*-+*-|  |         |
  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |_________|  |____|____|  |__'_^____|  |_________|
   _________    _________    ____ ____    _________
  |         |  |         |  |   _|_   |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  | | |  |  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |--+-|-+--|  |         |
  |         |  |         |  |  |_|_|  |  |         |
  |_________|  |_________|  |____|____|  |_________|


 NOW I DON'T KNOW IF YOU UNDERSTOOD ANY OF THIS ABOUT 'THE EFFECT
TABLES', BUT ANYWAY I WOULD ADVISE YOU TO LOOK AT 'THE SPELL EFFECT
TABLES' IT MIGHT HELP YOU. AN ADVISE WOULD BE TO LOOK AT THE RECTANGLE
(CIRCLE) AS A BIG BOWL WHERE YOU MIX A LOT OF THINGS TOGETHER AND ALL
THOSE SYMBOLS LIKE ', OR * OR ^ ARE JUST INGREDIENTS AS IT IS SAID IN
THE BEGINNING OF THE MANUAL.

End.
